[Ruby] new concept exercise - `nil` (#1953)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/booleans/.meta/design.md

## Goal

> The goal of this exercise is to teach the student the basics of the Concept of nil in Ruby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this exercise is to teach the student the basics of the Concept of "nil" in Ruby.
```

Quoted for the concept of nil, rather than the `nil` value itself, here.

## Learning objectives

- Know that `true` is a Ruby object used to represent logical `true`

> - Know that everything but `false` and `nil` is truthy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Know that everything except `false` and `nil` is truthy
```

- Know that `false` is a Ruby object used to represent logical `false`
- Know that `false` is falsey
- Know that `nil` is a Ruby object used to represent an "empty" or "default" value
- Know that `nil` is falsey

> ## Out of scope

Author: ```suggestion
## Out of scope

- None as it relates to this concept

## Reference
```

- `TrueClass`
- `FalseClass`

> - `NilClass`

Author: I added TrueClass and FalseClass because it originally had NilClass, but I think these may be good discussion points for the after document.

> - `NilClass`

Reviewer: How can this be out of scope if the class is what provides these values?

Perhaps replace with "Reference" instead of indicating that they are out of scope.

Author: Ya, I had left that comment myself, that I had added them as NilClass was in the previous iteration as was in the issue, but I think they also would be good discussion points in either the `hints.md` or the `after.md` document for students to review.

## Goal

The goal of this exercise is to teach the student the basics of the Concept of "nil" in Ruby.

## Learning objectives

> - Know that `true` is a Ruby object used to represent logical `true`
> - Know that everything except `false` and `nil` is truthy
> - Know that `false` is a Ruby object used to represent logical `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Know that `true` is a Ruby object used to represent logical `true`
- Know that `false` is a Ruby object used to represent logical `false`
- Know that everything except `false` and `nil` is truthy
```

- Know that `false` is falsey

> - Know that `nil` is a Ruby object used to represent "nothingness"

Reviewer: Probably move this right below the initial mention of false as well…
- True is logical true
- false is logical false
- nil is an object that represents nothing.

(to paraphrase the listing above)

> - Know that `nil` is a Ruby object used to represent an "empty" or "default" value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Know that `nil` is a Ruby object used to represent "nothingness"
```

I think that it will be noticed that it is often used as a default for various things.  We can talk about it when instantiating those things (such as creating `Hash` where it happens that `nil` is returned) later.
